Hello, freak bitches.
So, uh, check this out. That'surricanehardcore that's even crazier right now.
What.
Hurricane Irma holds about twice the destructive energy of all bombs
used in the second world war.
7 Trillion, Watts of power in it right now.
So why can't we get like some kind of a windmill up there? Yeah. And collect.
It. You would have to have a big one and then it would become the biggest weapon
ever. <laugh>. Well, why.
Don't we design that instead of the galaxy note eight that no one wants to buy.
I got it. How about you?
How about you buy a giant wind windmill thing and put it up there
and make all the power, please. So.
I have some friends that are, are in Florida right now and the,
the unforeseen problem that being out here and not knowing what to why,
and what people are doing there. I also have an uncle in Orlando.
Who's telling me he is not leaving right now because the roads are gridlocked
and the highway there's nowhere to go. Oh,
so my friends who left Tampa yesterday got up at like nine in the morning,
packed all their up and were like, all right, let's go. Where are we gonna go?
They were, are like, let's take side roads,
cuz it's probably gonna be busy everywhere. So they did for a while, three,
four hours of side roads. And then eventually you're gonna run outta gas.
You gotta go get gas first place. They stop. No gas. They're all out.
Oh no. So they continue on the next one waiting the gigantic line to fill up.
But now it's again, like hopefully we can live off a, of this tank of gas. Oh,
for the next till we get where we're goings and everybody has to leave right now
because the whole state could be potentially under 10 feet of water. Yeah.
The couple days. Yeah, the whole state and 10 foot, uh,
storm surge is coming in the whole state. I mean the,
it won't make it all the way to the middle probably, but, but it might gigantic.
We don't know, obviously too, the.
The only positive if there's any positive, the,
and compared to the last hurricane is that it's not gonna stall over Florida.
It's gonna keep on going and losing energy. The higher it gets, but on, uh,
Orlando should be, might get really. You know, that's Disney road,
Disney road might be gone this weekend. <laugh> right. And they just rebuild it.
Yeah. They just rebuild it all or all this new stuff too. So whoa.
Oh yeah. There's like that 90% of this island, uh, Barbuda is gone is gone.
Inhabitable, inhabitable, shiny, dead. They don't even know some of the too.
Cuz they can't see it. It was all happening last night.
They can't get over to find out what's going to get reports of it. Even they.
Probably have no. So they don't know if the people are dead. They don't know.
Right.
I mean there's I elements are so small. I mean,
what is this the size of like Texas or Ohio or something like that? It's uh.
Yeah. It's the size of Ohio. The storm is yeah. 400 miles across.
<Laugh>.
That's scary. How wide is Florida? Florida's not 400 miles across.
Right? I.
Don't know exactly, but it's probably, I would go 300, 200 feet.
Groiffy so it's gonna be like a giant eraser that just
rolls up Florida.
And they're still not sure it could turn, you know? Right. It can always,
this things can always turn. It could go back.
It could turn left and go to Texas. You know where the.
Grossest people that have ever lived, the people speak of Florida.
The people that go, I, they miss, they stay and they survive. And the,
the storm miraculously turns knew it. They're like, I knew it. No,
you didn't stupid. You didn't know it.
You're no better than the people that got killed by it. You got lucky. You.
Know, that's a lot of people in, in Houston. That's how they feel.
They make it a party. They, they, you like,
they have hurricane parties and this one really caught 'em off guard.
Did you know, uh.
How did that cut catch 'em off guard. They saw it coming from days away.
Well, they, I think they in their heads think, oh no, you know, we're fine.
We've been fine for years. You know, they're drunk.
That's the problem. They're partying.
They're listening to kid rock they're on top of the room.
They they're making out they're we don't care. We'll stay up here.
We got a boat. We're gonna be fine. We'll catch fish.
There was an episode. I was, there was an episode I was on.
I don't know if it was the last time I was on or whatever,
but we were talking about floods in Houston and I showed you that, that, that,
that concrete or not concrete pavement, that sucks up water. Uh,
I wonder if that would've been any help if they had implemented it that like
all, all over the place.
Maybe hermeable. Um,
but I think the amount of water they were dealing with is just so unprecedented.
They showed the difference between hurricane Katrina and hurricane Harvey.
Like the sheer amount of volume of water. It's insane.
Like this was such a big, big hurricane. That's just,
I wish there was a definitive answer as to if all this is
a direct result of like human behavior industry,
car exhaust. I wish there was a definitive result. Like we could see it like,
yeah, here is the number that you can show. What do you show me here? That,
that concrete. Oh, the water drinking concrete thousand. How does that do that?
I have.
No idea. <laugh> it's magical. It's crazy.
Absorb runoff from fast floods. If you're watching it, folks,
the people that are just listening it, it doesn't even seem real.
It's like they have this giant water truck and it's poor waring water all over
the concrete and it's just dissipating almost instantaneously into the concrete.
It's super weird.
I wonder if it has like a basement and what it does is it goes through like kind
of like a concrete filter and, and goes underneath.
So the actual water is just like underneath in the basement. Yeah.
Man. I don't know what the it does. It doesn't even seem real.
It seems like a scene in the Terminator or right. You.
Know? Yeah.
Well, either way, like what they dealt with in Houston is so much water. I,
I just doubt that. I mean, maybe that would've helped a little,
but I think that they're dealing with just some insane amount of water. Yeah.
That it shows what it is. Jamie. Yeah. It's like some sort of filtration system.
Yeah, I guess so. So it allows the water to go through it and it can like,
I don't know. It still seems.
Like it was probably too much water.
Yeah. That Harvey was a monster hurricane.
The crazy thing is how much bigger Irma is. Like I think we're numb to it.
I think we look at it and it doesn't make sense to us. You know, got 185.
Mile sustained winds for over a day. No.
Like, no, no.
No, no. F Kot center is just gonna start rolling. Like a cataari.
<Laugh> no, uh, but here's the thing, right?
Is this the strongest they can get? No, they get stronger than this could be.
Yes. The.
The categories they track, this was the highest they'd gone.
And now this one is the new bar to be basically.
A Delta airline accidentally flew through it. <laugh> uh, yesterday by mistake.
And it got out at the last minute. What? I forgot. I,
I read that this morning when I woke up, it got out. Yeah.
I guess it accidentally was flew into it and it was,
and somehow it got out of the hurricane. Oh.
Okay. The pilot piloted his way out. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh,
I thought you meant it got out that the pilot did this. Oh, oh, oh.
Delta pilot flew through Irma. One of the most powerful hurricanes recording.
All hundred 73 pastors are safe. Why would they do that?
I don't know. The last one to fly out to Puerto Rico.
Oh, they had to, they had to fly through it. Did they? Did they
judge it wrong? Yeah.
They went through 185,000 mile hour winds. Can you imagine that turbulence?
Well, it's.
Not that fast. It's 187 miles an hour. Right, right.
That thing is giant, man. When you see it on the ground or, you know,
in one of those overhead maps and you realize how big it is,
like how big that is. <laugh> that's so crazy. So they were part of it,
I guess. Yeah. Does it show, I'm trying to figure it.
Out. These people. Oh, it's like, yeah, it's going right now.
25 Hour mile is gusting 40. You.
Look at it. Uh, headed it towards it. Yeah. Yeah.
You might had to turn around or.
Whoa. Hmm huh.
So they were, they were following it in real time. God. Yeah.
People were following off flight track. What was going on? Yeah. God.
So he got stuck in the actual hurricane. Yeah. He flew through the hurricane.
<laugh> oh my God. That is insane.
Oh wait. They landed.
Hold on 52 minutes on the ground in San Juan they've landed and turned around.
Oh they tried to make it back to America. Have to climb.
Out of San. This is the airport. It has to climb outta S J U.
And they're doing so between the outer band of Irma and the core of the storm.
They went in between the bands. Oh, oh my.
God. That's insaneup.
Pile. It needs to be hugged by everybody.
<Laugh>. So he went in between the bands and in do, wow.
That's the most incredible thing about weather satellites.
They can literally navigate this guy through those bands and tell 'em like where
the storm is ahead.
Yeah. They have, uh,
portable Doppler here now in Los Angeles to the AC where it's so accurate.
Now that, uh, that you can just see your street level of like,
if there's a cloud in above you.
Uh, look at this while it looks terrifying.
Delta maintains that their pilots had everything under control.
Our meteorology team is the best in the business. Eric Snell,
vice president for Delta operations and customer center told the Washington post
DL 3 0 2 departed San Juan with 173 passengers on board, according to Delta,
Jesus Christ.
It's good PR for them.
Jesus. Yeah, of course.
Being on theairplane probably was the worst flight you'll ever have in your
life. They took a hard.
Look at the weather data and the track of the storm and worked with the flight
crew and dispatcher to a agree.
It was safe to operate the flight. Ooh.
What'd you do if you're about to get on that plane and they're telling you what
they're gonna do, I would.
All over myself.
<Laugh> I I'd probably say I'll stay at the airport and risk it. Oh.
Like, this man. I'm going to sleep. I'm going, I'm going to take my backpack.
I'm sleeping on the ground.
I assume that you guys turn this thing into some sort of a hurricane shelter.
Have you been to.
The airport in Puerto Rico? No, I haven't been to the San Juan one,
but I was at a one on the other side of the island. It's made of the cardboard.
You.
Do not want to, right? My God.
You don't get in the plane. You're right.
<Laugh> I probably get in the plane. It's like a run down Burbank airport.
But they got away with it. Puerto Rico didn't get totally hit.
They only got like a little piece of it. Yeah.
Well that's the thing about these kind of storms.
So you could just get unlucky and it just runs right over your spot or you can
be right next to that and go, Lord was looking out for us like, okay.
You sure are you sure? You just didn't get lucky?
Like we're dealing with impossible forces, like a hurricane,
the size of Ohio. Is it impossible force like that?
I don't think we really understand what the that means.
I think that's one of those things where someone says a trillion billion
dollars, like yeah, let's look, but you don't really think about it. You know,
you don't really, really understand what that means.
Cause it's too much the size of the universe. It's too much the power that,
that thing has. It's just too much. Doesn't make sense. You'd have to see it.
You'd have to be there.
Do you see the video? I don't know if it's real either, but the video of a,
I don't know if it was today's hurricane this, guy's trying to hold his truck.
Like he had like a pickup truck trying to hold it so it doesn't tip over.
Oh geez. And the winds were so strong. He just gets squished from, by, I mean,
my it's hard to see cuz it was raining so hard, but guy's.
Gotta be crazy. Why would he do that? Yeah.
Standing a truck is about to flip and you think you're gonna stop it with your
hands. You watch too many movies. It can pick up a truck.
Can you pick up a truck? No. Then get the out of there. I can put this.
On YouTube, but we can watch.
It. I what is it? The video. Oh, this is the guy. Oh Jesus. Oh dude.
That's a wrap. Yeah. Yeah. He's crazy. <laugh> that? Guy's crazy.
Look at that thing. in the breeze. You should have got out of there man.
Oh yeah. He just sandwiched.
Yeah. He got crushed. He didn't handle it. Well, no I would.
You can't get out from under that. That's too much weight. You're dead.
It's those fast ones that get me like that guy probably just was like, oh,
well my truck't about to boom. You're dead. Well.
The thing thing about these kind of hurricanes are how many of 'em can you get
in a row? Cause if they're saying there's two more in a row behind Irma.
2005.
I think it was, they got hit for like four Florida got hit like four times in a.
Row and like two weeks. Yeah. But these are like three weeks, four weeks. These,
those are like twos and threes. These are fives and you know, Jose, you know,
Jose's going right for Washington DC. You know.
Hurricane Jose.
Jose's gonna be the big one. Do you think? So? I know. True.
Probably won't even hit United States.
I'm worried about 'em all man. I'm worried about earthquakes.
I'm worried about asteroids. I'm worried about super volcanoes. I,
we are dealing with just a small amount of history. That's what's going on.
I mean, especially when it comes to weather.
So.